Hi, I'm Dominic, thanks for watching Dominic's
Woodworks. And, well, I've had this order
sit in my shop for a while now, and I thought
I should get around to it, but I just got
entrenched in work, and it was so exhausting.
Well, let's see. Oh, it's from Wilhuff himself.
They need this piece asap... as usual... and
the designers just thought they could x-wing
it... He said he'd tear them a new exhaust
vent and they replied they already had one.
He really should learn to get to the point.
We really need to work on our communication.
Oh well, I think I should get around to it.
After all, I don't want to bail on Bail.
For the shape of things to come I will be
using my table saw, for he who controles the
saw controles the universe. Oh, the grain
is strong in this one. Over on the miter saw
I always have this ugre. I want to take my
wood and strike it down with all my hatred,
and my jurney towards joinery will eventually
be complete. It is so easy to cut the right
angle, since the angles are always right from
a certain point of view. Oh my, it is trapped!
I will have to use the fork! The glue is what
gives a woodworker his power. It surrounds
the wood and penetrates it, it binds the galaxy
together. I don't like sawdust. It's coarse
and rough and irritating, and it gets everywhere.
Not like sandpaper - it makes everything soft
and smooth. I told them - had they used wood
colors, the whole things would have been a
lot easier to make. But no, these days, you
need a corporate identity. Now to apply a
final coat of proton sealer. No power in the
verse can break this. Some of my finest work.
Well, off to shipping. And for the most important
part, the bill. Emperor's black bones... The
due-date was two weeks ago! I have a bad feeling
about this... Happy may the 4th! Today is
may 4th, and it's kind of an inofficial Star
Wars holiday - may the fourth be with you
and so on. So you might have noticed other
YouTubers uploading similarly themed videos
today; you can find the links in the description.
Have a good day, hope you enjoyed this little
video, it was more on the parody side rather
than an actual project, because I expect this
grate to come back witgh the recipient unavailiable.
Thanks for watching, please leave a comment
down below, like this video if you did, subscribe
to my channel for more stuff, and remember
to be Inspired!